CS4550 Web Dev, Fall 2017.

HW06 status report form.

Please answer the following questions and submit the filled-in file 
to Bottlenose.


1. What's your name?

Ivy Li

2. What's the link to your Github repo's releases page?

https://github.com/ivytingli/hw04/releases

3. What's the link to your deployed Microblog app?

microblog.ivyli.site

4. Did you successfully deploy? If not, what doesn't work?

Yes. It works.

5. Did you successfully implement passwords securely? 
If not, what doesn't work?

Yes. I implemented passwords. It requires a minimum of 8 characters.
Only hashes are stored. 

6. Did you successfully implement admin users? 
What paths are admin-only? What paths are accessible to all users.

Yes. An admin user can delete/edit any user.
Other users may only see the edit/delete for their own user.
An admin user can also delete/edit any post.
Other users may only edit/delete their own post.
Accessible to all users are the edit/delete for their own posts and
their own user and all posts.

7. What changes did you make to clean up your application layout
 and navigation?

I added the new post ability to the post index. 
Also the home page is now redirected to create a new user
if you are not logged in. Clicking the nav-brand "Tweeter" 
will now lead to the show user page instead of doing nothing.
I took out the edit and new routes for follows.

8. Did you complete any catch up tasks? Which ones? 
Is there anything still not working about those features?

I already completed all the catch up tasks.

9. Did you complete any additional tasks? Which ones? 
For each, describe how it should work and how that differs
from your deployed functionality.

I did follows but it's not perfect.
Follows will add to a follows table display but
there is nothing preventing you from following someone multiple times
and there is nothing to delete follows right now.
There is no follow functionality with the rest of the blog currently.
I did HTTPS encryption.
I did implementation of admins.
I did some HTML and CSS changes.
I also display changes for what you can see when you're 
logged in vs not logged in, see examples below. 

Examples: 
- you can only edit the user if you're logged in as that user
- follow buttons only show if you are logged in
- post ability only shows if you are logged in
- you can only see the new user button if you are logged in
- if you click home while logged in you won't go to new user page
*Exceptions: admin user can edit/delete other users' post/users.


A. Did you complete any bonus addtional goals for extra credit?
 For each, describe how it should work and how that differs from
  your deployed functionality.

No

B. Is there any other useful information that you want to provide
 for grading?

For passwords, I referred to the Hex documentation for Argon2, as 
well as the notes on Nat Tuck's website.